Instructions before solving :

1. To solve this lab, Kindly use the Libre office application installed on the lab machine.
Navigate to the folder "bodhitreeWorkspace\11\109\318\labDirectory", and open HiringResults.xlsx file and then complete the required actions mentioned in problem statement and save it.
2. You are free to add any number of columns in Main sheet based on your requirement from column K, 
but make sure the name of the headers to be created should not be one of the header names that are already used.
3. Do not edit the sheet 'Details'
4. Finding dificulty with formulae, Don't worry, we got you. Check the file Formulae.pdf for neccessary formulae present in same directory of HiringResults.xlsx.

************Problem Statement*************

You have started a transportation company called "Hola" and currently recruiting drivers.

In the excel named "HiringDetails.xlsx",

In Sheet 'Details', Column A has the State Code and Column B contain the State name for that respective code.

In Sheet 'Main', Column A contains License ID of the driver....

Below is the format of the License ID...
It is 16 characters long (including space).
The first two characters are upper-case alphabets that represent the state code of the state the driver belongs to
The next two characters are digits that represent the RTO code which is followed by a space
The next four characters are that represent the license issued in a year, followed by two characters that represent month, followed by two characters that represent day of issue of the license
The next three characters can be any digits from 0-9 to ensure uniqueness.

Eg : If ID is AP01 19980701234,
AP -> represent he is from Andhra Pradesh ( AP is the state code of Andhra Pradesh )
01 -> Represent the RTO code
followed by ' '(space)
19980701 -> represent the license is issue on 1st July, 1998( Year(1998) followed by month (07), followed by day (01))
234 -> Random digit for uniqueness


Column B contains the License Holder Name in Format 'FirstName#LastName'
Eg: If Name is "Pavan Kumar#Yalavarthi" , First Name is Pavan Kumar, and Last name is Yalavarthi

Column C contains the Date on which the person attended the Hiring session.

Column D contains the grades he received in multiple rounds in form a string containing characters either P (Pass) or F(Fail)
For example, If the grades string is PPPPPPPPPF, He passed first 9 rounds and failed on the 10th round.

Now, you need to fill the rest of the columns as mentioned below,

Column E to contain the first name of the driver
Column F to contain the last name of the driver
Column G to contain the state name of the driver

Column H to contain Number of days between the Date of issue of license and the date on which the driver attended the hiring session. (This is treated as experience of the driver)

Column I to contain Number of rounds he passed
Hint : Number of Ps in the string = Length of the string - Length of the string without Ps.

Column J to contain the Job status, whether "Selected" or "Rejected". 
If the experience of the driver is more than 365 days and if he passed atleast 7 rounds, he is Selected, else Rejected.

Marks Weightage :  (Note: This marks are assigned only on private test cases on server evaluation, For client evaluation it is just passed or failed)
Column E - 4 Marks
Column F - 5 Marks
Column G - 6 Marks
Column H - 8 Marks
Column I - 9 Marks
Column J - 4 marks

Additional 4 marks, if your VLOOKUP formula for state name works even when number of rows is increased by adding union territory codes. 
In simple words, your VLOOKUP formula should be independent of number of rows in Details sheet to receive additonal marks.